Changelog for v2.1.0-alpha.1 (#4896)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone.

## Mapbox Navigation SDK 2.1.0-alpha.1 - September 23, 2021

For details on how v2 differs from v1 and guidance on migrating from v1 of the Mapbox Navigation SDK for Android to the v2 public preview, see [2.0 Navigation SDK Migration Guide](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/wiki/2.0-Navigation-SDK-Migration-Guide).

### Changelog

#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Moved `zLevel` from `RouteProgress` to `MapMatcherResult` [#4849](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/4849)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exposed MapboxNavigation#getZLevel that can be used with RouteOptions#layers to influence the layer of the road from where the route starts. [#4849](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/4849)
```

Author: 1 hour change, coming up lol

Author: just kidding, thanks for the comment here! Also needed to resolve conflicts from the v2.0.0-rc.3 update

This one should be ready

Reviewer: https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/4904 :pray:
